OK.
So the final stage of this is obviously to see the effect on the site.
One more thing if you could just create the art component parts USS under the app folder it's completely
empty.
But nevertheless we still need it because it's basically listed here so it won't work without it.
You'll get errors.
Anyway let's go to the site and ocal host Colan 3000 will lead us here.
So where it says personal finance.
This is actually a part of the app component Daut HGA Mellon's says personal finance.
But when we request the slash account you URL or account you are l.
The content will be loaded here.
Between these two.
So when I click here look personal finance remains here.
It's still loaded there but you get additional content here.
Inspector
OK.
So let's let's just go back
and it's loading.
OK.
Personal Finance.
Excellent.
Could see head up apply a lot of these things.
Style body.
Let me just go ahead and find it
OK.
So there you go it says welcome to personal finance.
This is the home component.
And if you load this it says ok.
Atra if you can see that the account is listed here.
That is the link to which we are going.
But there is nothing else.
However if I go ahead and click on this link it takes me here and I am on the site.
Personal finance still remains the same.
It is still loaded exactly there.
But let me go ahead and find the tags between which descanted has been placed
and I may just go ahead and do that.
Expand this and there we go.
So we have a ton load of this content which has been placed here where basically between these two tags.
So to say.
So this is where the content has been placed.
Basically you have static content which remains persistent across the sites which is personal finance
and then you have the content which is basically dynamically loaded here depending on which link you
basically click and can go back so we can have a fairly large amount of links without any problems.
So take a look around.
Have fun with the code.
See if you can modify things by modifying things and breaking things and then fixing things.
You really learn the most.
That's what I would definitely suggest that you do.
If you have any questions we are available as always.
So bid you farewell.